{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16300\viewh20160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\strike \strikec0 1. Create a new repo for this multi-lab project called odd-duck.\strike0\striked0 \
\
\strike \strikec0 2. Scaffold your repo with the usual README, CSS, JS, and HTML files, plus a img/ directory.\strike0\striked0 \
\
\strike \strikec0 3. Include in your repository a .eslintrc.json file whose contents are copied from the eslintrc.json file in the class repository.\strike0\striked0 \
\
\strike \strikec0 4. Retrieve the assets from the assets/ directory and place them in your image directory.\strike0\striked0 \
\
5. Do today\'92s work on a branch called lab11\
\
\
6. Create a constructor function that creates an object associated with each product, and has the following properties:\
	Name of the product\
	File path of image\
	Times the image has been shown\
	Time clicked\
	Array of products underconsideration\
\
7. Create an algorithm that will randomly generate three unique product images from the images directory and display them side-by-side-by-side in the browser window. For each of the three images, increment its property of times it has been shown by one.\
\
8. Attach an event listener to the section of the HTML page where the images are going to be displayed.\
\
9. Once the users \'91clicks\'92 a product, generate three new products for the user to pick from.\
\
\
10. As a user, I would like to control the number of rounds a user is presented with so that I can control the voting session duration. By default, the user should be presented with 25 rounds of voting before ending the session. Keep the number of rounds in a variable to allow the number to be easily changed for debugging and testing purposes.\
\
\
11. As a user, I would like to view a report of results after all rounds of voting have concluded so that I can evaluate which products were the most popular. Create a property attached to the constructor function itself that keeps track of all the products that are currently being considered.\
\
12. After voting rounds have been completed, remove the event listeners on the product.\
\
13. Add a button with the text View Results, which when clicked displays the list of all the products followed by the votes received, and number of times seen for each. Example: banana had 3 votes, and was seen 5 times.\
\
14. NOTE: Displayed product names should match the file name for the product. Example: the product represented with dog-duck.jpg should be displayed to the user as exactly \'93dog-duck\'94 when the results are shown.\
\
\
\
Total requirements.\
Three products side by side, same aspect ratio and size.\
\
As the app\'92s purpose is to have the staff members choose which product, of the three displayed images, that they would be most interested in seeing as a new creation,\
\
Store, then visualize results.\
\
Track total clicks, total displays, percentage clicked when displayed.\
\
No results until 25 selections.\
\
Custom font.\
\
Color pallette.\
\
Layout with semantic HTML.}